# Professional README.md Generator App
### "Ok, Project Creator. You've Been Too Busy to Think of a README. We Have"

## Table of Contents

- [Professional README.md Generator App](#Professional README.md Generator App)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Project Description](#Project Description])
  - [User Story](#User-Story)
  - [README.md link demo](#README-md-link-demo)
  - [Video Demo presentation](#Video-Demo-presentation)
  - [Inquire](#inquire)
  - [License](#MIT-License)

## Project Description

A Readme Markup Generator Built For

The Professional README Markup Generator is a command-line application built to quickly and easily create a project overview README markdown file. The application is designed with minimal dependencies to allow you to use it on multiple platforms without having to worry about installing additional software. By using this application, the creator will be able to devote more time to working on their project instead of worrying about building a basic README.md file.

## User Story

- AS A developer
- I WANT a README generator
- SO THAT I can quickly create a professional README for a new project


## README.md link demo

- README.md demo file generated by the apps link

[REAME.MD page demo link](https://github.com/Bryan3D/proREADMEgenApp/tree/main/doc#readme)

## Video Demo presentation

https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/10051887/206763800-24be5b83-ecd7-43a5-ad76-e7cd49dbed9e.mp4

## Inquire

---
Feel free to contact me at bryanq2008@live.com with any questions about this project. Visit <https://github.com/Bryan3D> to see more of my projects.


## MIT License
-- 
Copyright (c) [2022] [README.md Generator App]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
